\chapter{Overview of radical inventions}\label{chap:inventions}

\section{Introduction} %TODO check count
In this chapter, we perform the assessment of five inventions based on the
framework described in \autoref{chap:intro}. \autoref{chap:imaging} already
described various breakthroughs in diagnostic medical imaging, but most of them
predate 1980. Fortunately researchers in the field have come up with plenty of
other innovations in the last thirty years, some of which will be detailed
below. We included one invention per imaging modality described, plus one more
related to computer aided diagnosis (CAD).

For each innovation, a technological definition is provided wherein the purpose
or goal is outlined, and the components plus their interactions are explained.
Next, the innovation is scored based on the assessment sheet in the appendix. Of
course the scores are substantiated with literature references where needed.

\input{sections/31_radio.tex}

\input{sections/32_ct.tex}

\input{sections/33_mri.tex}

\input{sections/34_pet.tex}

\input{sections/35_cad.tex}

\section{Conclusion} %TODO most/least radical
In this chapter, we presented the results of the assessment of various
innovations related to diagnostic medical imaging. The most radical innovation
clearly was \ldots and the least radical \ldots.

We have tried to make this assessment as detailed as possible. However, medical
imaging is a very complex matter, and even our introduction in
\autoref{chap:imaging} - much like many a review paper - just barely scratch the
surface of all underlying methods and technologies. These details only become
apparent when hands-on work is performed by scientists and researchers in the
field. Consequently, these details will only be present in the most detailed
literature and of course in patent applications. We fear that this discrepancy
in level of detail will significantly hamper comparison with the automated
patent analysis.

The way the framework is built also seems to favor automatic patent based
analysis over manual assessment. The questions on the assessment sheet map
nicely to data that can be extracted from patents. On the other hand, manually
finding an answer to these questions without looking at patent data has proven
to be challenging.

In addition, the 1980 limit made it significantly more difficult to go back to
the real breakthrough invention, the so-called seed. For example, FDG in nuclear
medicine was certainly a breakthrough but it would have been more interesting to
go back further and see who first managed to bring nuclear physics together with
biochemistry and truly invent radiopharmacology.

%medical imaging: inventions seem to ``stay in the family''

%CAD: research used in other (3D) image processing applications

%difficult to go back to the source/seed with 1980 limit